README.md, before:

# Receiptify
Web application inspired by https://www.instagram.com/albumreceipts/ and  https://receiptify.herokuapp.com/. Generates receipts that list out the songs on a playlist of the user's choosing!

I do not take credit for this idea, I just wanted to mess around with the Spotify APIs and see what I could create!

## Notes
Only the 50 most recent playlists can appear in the dropdown as their is a limit on how many values can be pulled from Spotify's API. If there's a playlist further down in your list you want to see, just use the Desktop app and drag it to the top (it'll change the ordering).

## Running the App Locally

This app runs on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

### Using your own credentials
You will need to register your app and get your own credentials from the Spotify for Developers Dashboard.

To do so, go to [your Spotify for Developers Dashboard](https://beta.developer.spotify.com/dashboard) and create your application. In my own development process, I registered this Redirect URI:

* http://localhost:3000/callback

Once you have created your app, load the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` into a `config.js` file.

In order to run the app, open the folder, and run its `app.js` file:

    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser.

Commit message:

pulls artist info and generates receipt for top tracks

README.md, after:

# Receiptify
Web application inspired by https://www.instagram.com/albumreceipts/ and  https://receiptify.herokuapp.com/. Generates receipts that list out top 10 tracks from an artist!

I do not take credit for this idea, I just wanted to mess around with the Spotify APIs and see what I could create!

## Notes
Only the 50 most recent playlists can appear in the dropdown as their is a limit on how many values can be pulled from Spotify's API. If there's a playlist further down in your list you want to see, just use the Desktop app and drag it to the top (it'll change the ordering).

## Running the App Locally

This app runs on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

### Using your own credentials
You will need to register your app and get your own credentials from the Spotify for Developers Dashboard.

To do so, go to [your Spotify for Developers Dashboard](https://beta.developer.spotify.com/dashboard) and create your application. In my own development process, I registered this Redirect URI:

* http://localhost:3000/callback

Once you have created your app, load the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` into a `config.js` file.

In order to run the app, open the folder, and run its `app.js` file:

    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser.
